Quickstart -- EIP-7702
EIP-7702 is an Ethereum upgrade that allows for attaching a piece of EVM code to a EOA, effectively turning it into a "dual account" that can function simultaneously as a EOA and a smart account. You can learn more about EIP-7702 from our blog series here and here.

In practical terms, this means that EOA users can now enjoy most of the benefits of AA, such as gas sponsorship, transaction batching, session keys, chain abstraction, and more.

In this example, we will upgrade a EOA into a ZeroDev smart account (Kernel) and send a gasless batched transaction from it.

Complete example
Here's the complete code example for you to reference as you follow along.

You can run the example with npx ts-node 7702/7702.ts after you set up the repo.

Install packages
You will be using the following packages:


npm i @zerodev/sdk viem
Create a project for a 7702-compatible network
In this example, we will use the Sepolia testnet, but you can use any 7702-compatible network such as Arbitrum and Base.

Go to the ZeroDev dashboard and create a project for Sepolia.
Enable gas sponsorship for Sepolia under Gas Policies.
Create a .env file as follows:

ZERODEV_RPC=<YOUR_RPC_FROM_DASHBOARD>
Use the ZeroDev RPC on your project page from the dashboard.

Upgrade EOA to smart account
To upgrade a EOA to a smart account, you need to sign an "authorization." You can create this authorization manually and pass it to the ZeroDev SDK, or you can let ZeroDev create this authorization automatically.

Automatically create the authorization
Set up a ZeroDev account using the 7702 helper functions:


import { createKernelAccount, createKernelAccountClient, createZeroDevPaymasterClient } from "@zerodev/sdk";
import { KERNEL_V3_3 } from "@zerodev/sdk/constants";
 
const kernelVersion = KERNEL_V3_3;
 
// This is the EOA you want to upgrade
const eip7702Account = privateKeyToAccount(generatePrivateKey());
 
const publicClient = createPublicClient({
  transport: http(),
  chain,
});
 
const account = await createKernelAccount(publicClient, {
  eip7702Account,
  entryPoint,
  kernelVersion
})
 
const paymasterClient = createZeroDevPaymasterClient({
  chain,
  transport: http(ZERODEV_RPC),
});
 
const kernelClient = createKernelAccountClient({
  account,
  chain,
  bundlerTransport: http(ZERODEV_RPC),
  paymaster: paymasterClient,
  client: publicClient,
  userOperation: {
    estimateFeesPerGas: async ({ bundlerClient }) => {
      return getUserOperationGasPrice(bundlerClient)
    }
  }
})
Note that in this example, eip7702Account is the EOA you want to upgrade. We are using a random EOA in this example but you should replace this with the actual EOA.

Manually create the authorization
You can create the authorization manually with Viem's signAuthorization function, then pass the authorization to the ZeroDev SDK.

When you create the authorization, make sure you are specifying Kernel as the smart account.


import { KERNEL_V3_3 } from "@zerodev/sdk/constants";
 
const authorization = await walletClient.signAuthorization({
  account: signer,
  contractAddress: KERNEL_V3_3,
})
 
const account = await createKernelAccount(publicClient, {
  eip7702Account: signer,
  entryPoint,
  kernelVersion,
  eip7702Auth: authorization
})
Sending UserOps from the smart account
Once you have upgraded the EOA to a smart account, you can use the ZeroDev SDK as usual. For example, to send a gasless batched UserOp:


const userOpHash = await kernelClient.sendUserOperation({
  callData: await kernelClient.account.encodeCalls([
    {
      to: zeroAddress,
      value: BigInt(0),
      data: "0x",
    },
    {
      to: zeroAddress,
      value: BigInt(0),
      data: "0x",
    },
  ]),
})
 
await kernelClient.waitForUserOperationReceipt({
  hash: userOpHash,
})
 
console.log("UserOp completed")
Congratulations! You just sent your first gasless, batched transaction using a EOA. You can see it by looking up your account on the Sepolia explorer. Note that you may need to look under "Internal Transactions" because UserOps do not appear as regular transactions.

Easy, right? Now try some of the more advanced examples for building with 7702, or explore the rest of the ZeroDev docs!

Introduction
EIP-7702 is an Ethereum update that allows externally owned accounts (EOAs) to upgrade into smart accounts. In practical terms, this means that EOA wallets can now enjoy the benefits of account abstraction, such as gas sponsorship, transaction batching, transaction automation, and even chain abstraction.

This guide will show you how to upgrade EOAs to smart accounts using the ZeroDev SDK and Viem.

Upgrading EOAs to smart accounts
Sponsor gas for users
Batch transactions
Automate transactions
For integration with specific embedded wallets, check out these guides:

Privy
Dynamic
Turnkey
Upgrading EOAs to smart accounts
Local Account Status
Logged Out
Create 7702 Account with Local
Setting up Local Account with 7702
Install Dependencies
npm
yarn
pnpm

npm i @tanstack/react-query wagmi viem @zerodev/ecdsa-validator @zerodev/sdk
Initialise the 7702 client with Viem and Wagmi as follows.

client.ts
context.ts

const kernelVersion = KERNEL_V3_3;
const kernelAddresses = KernelVersionToAddressesMap[kernelVersion];

const newPrivateKey = generatePrivateKey();
const newAccount = privateKeyToAccount(newPrivateKey);

const baseSepoliaPublicClient = usePublicClient({
  chainId: baseSepolia.id,
});

const authorization = await account.signAuthorization({
  chainId: baseSepolia.id,
  nonce: 0,
  address: kernelAddresses.accountImplementationAddress,
});

const kernelAccount = await createKernelAccount(baseSepoliaPublicClient, {
  eip7702Account: account,
  entryPoint,
  kernelVersion,
  eip7702Auth: authorization,
});

const kernelAccountClient = createKernelAccountClient({
  account: kernelAccount,
  chain: baseSepolia,
  bundlerTransport: http(baseSepoliaBundlerRpc),
  paymaster: baseSepoliaPaymasterClient,
  client: baseSepoliaPublicClient,
});
DocsCode
1. Gas Sponsorship
To sponsor gas, create a gas policy such as "Sponsor All"on the ZeroDev dashboard.

Then, set up a paymaster client with the paymaster RPC from the dashboard.

kernelClient.ts
sendTransaction.ts

const paymasterClient = createZeroDevPaymasterClient({
  chain: baseSepolia,
  transport: http(baseSepoliaPaymasterRpc),
});

const kernelAccount = await createKernelAccount(...);

const kernelAccountClient = createKernelAccountClient({
  paymaster: baseSepoliaPaymasterClient,

  // ...
  bundlerTransport: http(baseSepoliaBundlerRpc),
  account: kernelAccount,
  chain: baseSepolia,
  client: baseSepoliaPublicClient,
});
Create 7702 Account with local to try out the examples!

DocsCode
2. Batching
When you need to send multiple transactions, you can batch them together to save on gas fees, latency, and the number of times a user needs to sign.

Each call in the example below that would have been a separate transaction is batched together and sent as a single user operation.

index.ts

await kernelAccountClient.sendUserOperation({
  calls: [
    {
      to: ZERODEV_TOKEN_ADDRESS,
      value: BigInt(0),
      data: encodeFunctionData({
        abi: ZERODEV_TOKEN_ABI,
        functionName: "mint",
        args: [kernelAccountClient.account.address, amount],
      }),
    },
    {
      to: ZERODEV_TOKEN_ADDRESS,
      value: BigInt(0),
      data: encodeFunctionData({
        abi: ZERODEV_TOKEN_ABI,
        functionName: "transfer",
        args: [toAddress, amount],
      }),
    },
  ],
}
Create 7702 Account with local to try out the examples!

DocsCode
3. Permissions
With ZeroDev smart accounts, you can create temporary keys (session keys) with specific permissions.

With session keys, you can sign transactions without asking for further user confirmations, therefore enabling "1-click trading." You can also automate transactions on the server side, to enable use cases like subscription.

Thanks to permissions, the user can rest assured that their funds are safe, since the session keys can only do what they were explicitly given permissions to do.

In this example, we will create a session key that's allowed to transfer no more than 10 tokens.

createSessionKey.ts
callPolicy.ts
sendTransaction.ts

const _sessionPrivateKey = generatePrivateKey();
const sessionAccount = privateKeyToAccount(_sessionPrivateKey as Address;

const sessionKeySigner = await toECDSASigner({
  signer: sessionAccount,
});

const permissionPlugin = await toPermissionValidator(publicClient, {
  entryPoint,
  kernelVersion,
  signer: sessionKeySigner,
  policies: [callPolicy],
});


const sessionKeyKernelAccount = await createKernelAccount(publicClient, {
  entryPoint,
  eip7702Account: masterSigner,
  plugins: {
    regular: permissionPlugin,
  },
  kernelVersion: kernelVersion,
  address: masterKernelAccount.address,
});

